Do you want to rebel?
I'm Mr. Gu's girlfriend
Jiang Caicai clothing department director this position
Brother Zhenting gave it to me
Did you grab it?
Now I'm the director.
You are just my subordinate
I officially inform you
You're fired.
It doesn't matter.
It's a loss to Story Group that I'm gone.
Director Jiang, Miss Jiang is a one-in-a-million talent
It's a cash cow for Story Group.
You can't fire him
Yes, Director Jiang
Shut up now
You have no right to question my decision
Director Jiang can't be fired.
Assistant Sun, are you going against me too?
I'm the director of the clothing department.
Story Group executives
Fire an employee
What's the problem?
Don't get me wrong.
This is what Mr. Gu said.
I didn't say it.
Zhengting brother
Miss Jiang, Mr. Gu said
Director of the Apparel Department of Future Story Group
It's up to you
What, Mr. Gu just passed the monitoring?
I saw the actual footage here
He complimented you on your outstanding ability
Decided to promote you to director
It seems that Gu Zhengting is not so confused.
Brother Zhengting made him the director
What do I do?
Ah, I told Mr. Gu
You were demoted from a director to a regular employee
That's impossible.
Your brother wouldn't do that to me
Miss Jiang, I will be your leader from now on
I‘d like to seek advices from you